Incorrect.
How does this always make me look familiar?
Hey, I report.
This is Tran Pham's house.
We came here to fight twice.
Hey, we got beat twice here.
Use them.
I speak the truth, Mr. Dao.
I mean...
Is that old lady trying to play me?
He said the person I let him handle.
I asked him who he was.
He didn't tell anyone.
The younger the mother, the more incorrect.
Go Tran Nam.
We can't.
Hey, knife.
You haven't arrived yet?
She said go.
Will not?
Not to mention chivalry
YES.
How do we get on the road?
But went in, came back and hit a third time.
Is getting beaten important or is face important?
We said it.
If the end does not come
That is to say without believing.
How can we get on the road?
For people in the underworld
heaviest blood
Hey, we're at the door.
Come in now.